so let's do it take those out of there
real easy so that you don't make any
cuts that are going to cause this
chicken to fall apart because the whole
point of doing this is to keep it all
together that you can use it there we go
wishbone is out okay so you have 107
boneless chicken doesn't look very fancy
right now but watch this we are going to
remove some fat skin we're going to fold
this guy up hold it up nice okay
excellent we are going to fold the rests
over top of our thighs and our drumstick
and we're going to take that wonderful
bit of skin that we did right at the
very beginning we're going to fold it
back over top of this chicken so let's
see
there we go and if you look real close
you can see the two breasts are on top
the skin is around we've got the thighs
and the drum stick underneath and you
have a hundred percent boneless chicken
now the cool things that you can do with
this are pretty much endless you can put
some put some great big wooden skewers
or maybe of metal skewers at home you
can skewer this guy barbecue boneless
chicken bacon boneless chicken a little
bit of seasoning no problem when it's
unfolded you could season the inside
fold it up secure it and then bake it
but something else that a lot of people
would do especially if you're making one
of those fancy turducken Zoar you want
to make a fancy chicken dinner you're
gonna have this boneless chicken you're
going to put your stuffing whatever kind
of stuff in you like maybe you want
chicken an apple maybe you want rice
bread you can make it up whatever you
like best you're going to stuff it then
you're going to have your stuffing
you're gonna fold the chicken over the
stuffing more stuffing fold it up more
stuffing fold it up and tuck the skin
back over top to make your boneless
chicken this is really great once that's
all in you skewer it cook it and you're
good to go now when you slice it when
it's cooked and you carve it you make
your slices you're gonna get nice layers
of chicken nice layers of stuffing and
you're good to go don't forget to keep a
butcher string you can use that as well
if you come to the butcher shop we're
going to give you some butcher string
we're going to bone the chicken for you
if you want you might want to call ahead
for this one because it takes a little
bit of time but if you're in a real
hurry you just come and see us and it
won't be a problem I'll do it for you
right on the spot one of the staff will
do it for you right in the spot we're
happy to help out that's what a butcher
shop is all about I hope you enjoyed
that video that's a little bit tricky so
anyways thanks for watching and we will
see you guys again next time okay thanks
very much